# Brewery Finder
#### Video Demo: https://youtu.be/1JzsBb3BXkk
#### Description: For my project, I made a website that would allow users to log in to search breweries by name and add them to their favorites. My login is like the finance project where the user must have a unique username and matching passwords to register. This would then be submitted to the user's table using SQL to store the username and hashed password. From this, they will be allowed into my website where they can begin to search for breweries in the Open Brewery Dataset. In the search tab of my website, two input boxes ask the user to input a name of a brewery they would like to search for and another box to declare how many results they would like to receive. WwehnHen the user searches for a brewery, my website will display any breweries that have the name the user input anywhere in the name of breweries in the dataset by submitting a request to the API in a formatted way that will input the brewery's name in the search of the URL. It will also display the brewery type, what city it is located and what state is located in. If the user asks to see more breweries than what is in the dataset, it will only output the maximum number of breweries in the dataset with the name the user input, otherwise, this would cause an error within my website. From the results output to the user, the user can then favorite a particular brewery they want which will then be displayed on their index page. To add the brewery to their favorites I made another SQL table that would keep track of the breweries the user favored. I would input into this table the user id to only look at breweries that particular user favorited. I would also insert into the table the breweries, type, city, state, and the brewery's id so it can then be displayed on the user's index page. On the index page, the user will be able to see all the breweries they have favorited with details like the brewery's name, type, and what city and state it is located in. This is done by querying through the breweries table to find distinct favorited breweries where the user id in the brewery dataset matches that of the current session user. If the user is inclined to unfavorite a brewery they can at any time from their index page. This is done by querying to find where the user id matches the session user's id and the id of the brewery they would like to unfavorite. If the user would like to randomly find a brewery, I put in a tab that would output a random brewery every time the user interacted with that tab by using a URL request from the Open Brewery dataset that would return a random brewery. From this, the user can also add this brewery to their favorites. The last thing I implemented into my website is the ability for a user to change their password if they feel so inclined. They must input their previous password and their new desired password. This was done by querying through the user table to match the user's id and previous password hash to then insert into the password column the new desired password using the hash function. This will then have them log back into their account with their new password, but will still have all of their favorite breweries shown on their index page.
 
#### I would have liked to have implemented a search for the user that would allow them to find breweries that were within their city and/or state while also being able to search a particular name. The Open Brewery Dataset was a great API but was limited in the way one could search for breweries, only allowing one search criterion per request. I would also have loved to ask for the user's location to then display the distance the user was from the brewery, but was deterred as getting the user's location could be an invasion of privacy.

